docs(hipthreads) edited and renamed the existing hipthreads doc (#10195)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipthreads/docs/how-to/hipThreads-in-a-project.rst

.. meta::
  :description: Using hipThreads in a CMake project
  :keywords: hipThreads, ROCm, cmake, find_package, link, include

.. _use-in-a-project:

*******************************************
Using hipThreads in a CMake project
*******************************************

> To add hipThreads to your CMake project, add the following lines to your ``CMakeLists.txt`` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you :doc:`install hipThreads <../install/install>`, add the following lines to your ``CMakeLists.txt`` file:
```

Author: I think I'm going to leave it as-is. It's implied that hipthreads should exist and be installed for its libraries to be added.

.. code-block:: cmake

   find_package(hipthreads REQUIRED)

   [...]

   target_link_libraries(<your_target> hipthreads::hipthreads)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``hipthreads::hipthreads`` target carries the public include directories, so you do not need an extra ``target_include_directories`` call.

```

> Include the hipThreads headers to your code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include the hipThreads headers in your code:
```

.. code-block:: cpp

   #include <hip/thread>
   #include <hip/mutex>
   #include <hip/condition_variable>

If hipThreads was installed in its default location under the ROCm installation, ensure that your ``ROCM_PATH`` environment variable is pointing to your ROCm root directory before building your application.

> If hipThreads wasn't installed in the default location, build with the ``CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH`` CMake option pointing to the path to the hipThreads root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If hipThreads wasn't installed in the default location, build with the ``CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH`` CMake option pointing to the path to the hipThreads root directory.

The ``examples/`` directory in the repository contains complete, standalone CMake projects. Each example uses ``find_package(hipthreads)`` as shown above and is a good starting point for a new project.
```
